Migrate to ghcr packages (#2103)
microsoft/presidio: docs/build_release.md

# Build and release process

Presidio uses GitHub Actions workflows to validate, build, release, and deliver official artifacts.

## Workflows

The following workflows are maintained as part of the Presidio development process:

> - [CI](https://github.com/microsoft/presidio/blob/main/.github/workflows/ci.yml) - triggered for pull requests and merges to the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CI](https://github.com/data-privacy-stack/presidio/blob/main/.github/workflows/ci.yml) - triggered for pull requests and merges to the main branch.
```

    - Linting
    - Dependency review
    - Unit tests
    - Package builds
    - Container builds and E2E tests

> - [Release](https://github.com/microsoft/presidio/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml) - manually triggered for official releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Release](https://github.com/data-privacy-stack/presidio/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml) - manually triggered for official releases.
```
